

Replies:

It's too late
Run in, go pants on fire
Woah there
That's what she said
In my past life, I was also an idiot
Toots
toots
This is not a drill
You and whose army
Dude, why?
PopTartS
There's no business like show business!
It's not too late
Pirate's Booty
<@997958025845415966>   "THIS IS SPARTA"


Paras:

Money can't buy happiness, but it sure makes misery easier to live with.
Women will never be equal to men until they can walk down the street...with a bald head and a beer gut, and still think they are sexy.
The last thing I want to do is hurt you, but it's still on my list.
You do not need a parachute to skydive. You only need a parachute to skydive twice.
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. To steal from many is research.
You're never too old to learn something stupid.
Since light travels faster than sound, some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
They begin the evening news with 'Good Evening,' then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.
Where there's a will, I want to be in it.
I thought I wanted a career. Turns out, I just wanted pay checks.
I used to be indecisive. Now I'm not so sure.
Behind every successful man is his woman. Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
There's a fine line between cuddling and...holding someone down so they can't get away.
I didn't say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
I'm supposed to respect my elders, but now it's getting harder and harder for me to find one.
War does not determine who is right - only who is left.
To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first and call whatever you hit the target.
If I agreed with you, we'd both be wrong.
A clear conscience is the sign of a fuzzy memory.
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
In filling out an application, where it says, 'In case of emergency, notify:' I put 'DOCTOR.'


One Liners:

I've spent the past four years looking for my ex-girlfriend's killer, but no one will do it.
I, for one, like Roman numerals.
I refused to believe my road worker father was stealing from his job, but when I got home, all the signs were there.
I saw a sign that said 'watch for children' and I thought, 'That sounds like a fair trade.'
People say I'm condescending. That means I talk down to people that can't understand simple shit like the word condescending.
My girlfriend started smoking, so I slowed down and applied Lubricant.
My wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo. I had to put my foot down.
The first time I got a universal remote control, I thought to myself 'This changes everything.'
You can never lose a homing pigeon - if your homing pigeon doesn't come back, what you've lost is a pigeon.
My wife and I were happy for twenty years; then we met.
I hate Russian dolls, they're so full of themselves.
I asked my North Korean friend how it was there, he said he couldn't complain.
I recently decided to sell my vacuum cleaner, all it was doing was gathering dust.
Whiteboards are remarkable.
My grandfather has the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the local zoo.
My friend gave me his Epi-Pen as he was dying. It seemed very important to him that I have it.
I was at an ATM and this old lady asked me to help check her balance, so I pushed her over.
I haven't slept for three days, because that would be too long.
